README.md, before:

# SoftDeleteableListenerExtensionBundle

Extensions to Gedmo's softDeleteable listener which has had this issue reported since 2012 : https://github.com/Atlantic18/DoctrineExtensions/issues/505.

Provides the `onSoftDelete` functionality to an association of a doctrine entity. This functionality behaves like the SQL `onDelete` function  (when the owner side is deleted). *It will prevent Doctrine errors when a reference is soft-deleted.*

**Cascade delete the entity**

To (soft-)delete an entity when its parent record is soft-deleted :

```
 @Evence\onSoftDelete(type="CASCADE")
```

**Set reference to null (instead of deleting the entity)**

```
 @Evence\onSoftDelete(type="SET NULL")
```

## Entity example

``` php
<?php

namespace AppBundle\Entity;

use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
use Gedmo\Mapping\Annotation as Gedmo;
use Evence\Bundle\SoftDeleteableExtensionBundle\Mapping\Annotation as Evence;

/*
 * @ORM\Entity(repositoryClass="AppBundle\Entity\AdvertisementRepository")
 * @Gedmo\SoftDeleteable(fieldName="deletedAt")
 */
class Advertisement
{

    ...

    /**
     * @ORM\ManyToOne(targetEntity="AppBundle\Entity\Shop")
     * @ORM\JoinColumn(name="shop_id", referencedColumnName="id")
     * @Evence\onSoftDelete(type="CASCADE")
     */
    private $shop;

    ...
}
```

## Install

**Install with composer:**
```
composer require evence/soft-deleteable-extension-bundle
```

Add the bundle to `app/AppKernel.php`:

``` php
# app/AppKernel.php

$bundles = array(
    ...
    new Evence\Bundle\SoftDeleteableExtensionBundle\EvenceSoftDeleteableExtensionBundle(),
);
```

Commit message:

Implement type successor
Depending on your use case you might want to define some successor who takes over all relations that were owned by the entity that is going to be deleted.

Implementation assumes that the entity to be delelted should hold the information about its successor.

With type SUCCESSOR and by adding annotation onSoftDeleteSuccessor to one of the properties of softdeleted entity, all relations are replaced to point to the new entity instead.

README.md, after:

# SoftDeleteableListenerExtensionBundle

Extensions to Gedmo's softDeleteable listener which has had this issue reported since 2012 : https://github.com/Atlantic18/DoctrineExtensions/issues/505.

Provides the `onSoftDelete` functionality to an association of a doctrine entity. This functionality behaves like the SQL `onDelete` function  (when the owner side is deleted). *It will prevent Doctrine errors when a reference is soft-deleted.*

**Cascade delete the entity**

To (soft-)delete an entity when its parent record is soft-deleted :

```
 @Evence\onSoftDelete(type="CASCADE")
```

**Set reference to null (instead of deleting the entity)**

```
 @Evence\onSoftDelete(type="SET NULL")
```

**Replace reference by some property marked as successor (must be of same entity class)**

```
 @Evence\onSoftDelete(type="SUCCESSOR")
```

## Entity example

``` php
<?php

namespace AppBundle\Entity;

use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
use Gedmo\Mapping\Annotation as Gedmo;
use Evence\Bundle\SoftDeleteableExtensionBundle\Mapping\Annotation as Evence;

/*
 * @ORM\Entity(repositoryClass="AppBundle\Entity\AdvertisementRepository")
 * @Gedmo\SoftDeleteable(fieldName="deletedAt")
 */
class Advertisement
{

    ...

    /**
     * @ORM\ManyToOne(targetEntity="AppBundle\Entity\Shop")
     * @ORM\JoinColumn(name="shop_id", referencedColumnName="id")
     * @Evence\onSoftDelete(type="CASCADE")
     */
    private $shop;

    ...
}
```

## Install

**Install with composer:**
```
composer require evence/soft-deleteable-extension-bundle
```

Add the bundle to `app/AppKernel.php`:

``` php
# app/AppKernel.php

$bundles = array(
    ...
    new Evence\Bundle\SoftDeleteableExtensionBundle\EvenceSoftDeleteableExtensionBundle(),
);
```
